# Management_files_for_Creator_s_

## Introduction

Welcome to this folder's Readme file. All of the files related to the _scedule_ & _development phases_ and about development like How does a thing works etc.



## Reference guide for files

1. [__Phase__](./Phase.md): This is a rough phase distribution & discription generated by the ChatGPT. This was generated when there was no knowledge of anything about this project whatsoever- thus, the information in this file might be confusing or even useless in future. This file is intended to give us an improper idea of the phase distribution and development process.

2. [__Phase/Design_Phase__](./ChatGPT/Phase/Design_Phase.md): This contains the information from web search and ChatGPT for the design phase from [_Phase_](./Phase.md). I'll try to include as much information as possible.

3. [__Wiki__](./Wiki/): This folder contains all the information about the development of OS.


## Footnote

- This file may have been edited by AI.

### License


    This Readme file contains essential information about this project's Management_files_for_Creator_s_ folder and is recommended to read before using. Be advised that this is not the complete wiki or guide in any way.
    Copyright (C) 2023  Prabhas Kumar <work.kumar.prabhas@gmail.com>

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
    by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
    
    To contact Prabhas Kumar, please email work.kumar.prabhas@gmail.com or message +91 76674 47235 via SMS, iMessage or/and WhatsApp.
